---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_job_template Data Source - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get job_template datasource
---

# awx_job_template (Data Source)

Get job_template datasource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awx_job_template" "example-id" {
  id = "1"
}

data "awx_job_template" "example-name" {
  name = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Job template ID.
- `name` (String) Job template name.

### Read-Only

- `allow_simultaneous` (Boolean) Allow simultaneous runs of the job template.
- `ask_credential_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for credential on launch.
- `ask_diff_mode_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user to enable diff mode (show changes) to files when supported by modules.
- `ask_execution_environment_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for execution environment on launch.
- `ask_forks_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for forks on launch.
- `ask_instance_groups_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for instance groups on launch.
- `ask_inventory_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for inventory on launch.
- `ask_job_slice_count_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for job slice count on launch.
- `ask_job_type_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for job type on launch.
- `ask_labels_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for labels on launch.
- `ask_limit_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for limit on launch.
- `ask_scm_branch_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for scm branch on launch.
- `ask_skip_tags_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for skip tags on launch.
- `ask_tags_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for tags on launch.
- `ask_timeout_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for timeout on launch.
- `ask_variables_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for variables on launch.
- `ask_verbosity_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for verbosity on launch.
- `become_enabled` (Boolean) If enabled, run this playbook as an administrator.
- `custom_virtualenv` (String) Local absolute file path containing a custom Python virtualenv to use. Only compatible with older versions of Tower. Deprecated, will be removed in the future
- `description` (String) Job template description.
- `diff_mode` (Boolean) If enabled, show the changes made by Ansible tasks, where supported. This is equivalent to Ansible's `--diff` mode.
- `execution_environment` (Number) Execution Environment ID to use for the job template.
- `extra_vars` (String) Specify `extra_vars` for the template.
- `force_handlers` (Boolean) Enable forcing playbook handlers to run even if a task fails.
- `forks` (Number) The number of parallel or simultaneous processes to use while executing the playbook. An empty value, or a value less than 1 will use the Ansible default which is usually 5. The default number of forks can be overwritten with a change to ansible.cfg.
- `host_config_key` (String) Allow provisioning callbacks using this host config key.
- `inventory` (Number) ID number of the inventory to associate with the job template. Supply this or set `ask_inventory_on_launch = true`.
- `job_slice_count` (Number) Divide the work done by this job template into the specified number of job slices, each running the same tasks against a portion of the inventory.
- `job_tags` (String) Tags are useful when you have a large playbook, and you want to run a specific part of a play or task. Use commas to separate multiple tags.
- `job_type` (String) Acceptable values are a choice of: `run`, `check`. For job templates, select run to execute the playbook. Select check to only check playbook syntax, test environment setup, and report problems without executing the playbook.
- `limit` (String) Provide a host pattern to further constrain the list of hosts that will be managed or affected by the playbook. Multiple patterns are allowed.
- `playbook` (String) Playbook name to be executed by this job
- `prevent_instance_group_fallback` (Boolean) If enabled, the job template will prevent adding any inventory or organization instance groups to the list of preferred instances groups to run on. Note: If this setting is enabled and you provided an empty list, the global instance groups will be applied.
- `project` (Number) ID number of the project to associate with the job template
- `scm_branch` (String) Branch to use in job run. Project default used if blank. Only allowed if project allow_override field is set to true.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tags are useful when you have a large playbook, and you want to skip specific parts of a play or task. Use commas to separate multiple tags.
- `start_at_task` (String) Start the playbook at the task matching this name.
- `survey_enabled` (Boolean) Enable a survey on the job template.
- `timeout` (Number) The amount of time (in seconds) to run before the job is canceled. Defaults to 0 for no job timeout.
- `use_fact_cache` (Boolean) Enable use of fact caching for the job template.
- `verbosity` (Number) Control the level of output ansible will produce as the playbook executes. `0 - Normal`, `1 - Verbose`, `2 - More Verbose`, `3 - Debug`, `4 - r.client.auth Debug`, `5 - WinRM Debug`
- `webhook_credential` (String) Personal Access Token for posting back the status to the service API
- `webhook_service` (String) Service that webhook requests will be accepted from. Either `""`, `bitbucket_dc`, `github`, or `gitlab`
