---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aap_project Data Source - aap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get project datasource
---

# aap_project (Data Source)

Get project datasource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aap_project" "example-id" {
  id = "1"
}


data "aap_project" "example-name" {
  name = "Default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) A valid project ID. You must specify either the `id` or `name` field, but not both.
- `name` (String) Project name. You must specify either the `id` or `name` field, but not both.

### Read-Only

- `allow_override` (Boolean) Allow changing the Source Control branch or revision in a job template that uses this project.
- `credential` (Number) Source Control credential ID.
- `default_environment` (Number) The ID of the execution environment that will be used for jobs that use this project.
- `description` (String) Project description.
- `local_path` (String) Select from the list of directories found in the Project Base Path. Together the base path and the playbook directory provide the full path used to locate playbooks.
- `organization` (Number) Organization ID for the project to live in.
- `scm_branch` (String) The branch name in source control.
- `scm_clean` (Boolean) Remove any local modifications prior to performing an update.
- `scm_delete_on_update` (Boolean) Delete the local repository in its entirety prior to performing an update. Depending on the size of the repository this may significantly increase the amount of time required to complete an update.
- `scm_refspec` (String) The refspec to use for the SCM resource.
- `scm_track_submodules` (Boolean) Track submodules latest commit on specified branch.
- `scm_type` (String) Type of SCM resource. Options: `manual`, `git`, `svn` `insights`, `archive`.
- `scm_update_on_launch` (Boolean) Perform an update to the local repository before launching a job with this project.
- `scm_url` (String) Example URLs for Remote Archive Source Control include: `https://github.com/username/project/archive/v0.0.1.tar.gz` `https://github.com/username/project/archive/v0.0.2.zip`
- `timeout` (Number) The amount of time (in seconds) to run before the SCM Update is canceled. A value of 0 means no timeout.
