---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_project Resource - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage an AWX project.
---

# awx_project (Resource)

Manage an AWX project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awx_organization" "example" {
  name = "Default"
}

resource "awx_project" "example-git" {
  name         = "example_git"
  organization = data.awx_organization.example
  scm_type     = "git"
  scm_url      = "git@github.com:user/repo.git"
}

resource "awx_project" "example-svn" {
  name         = "example_svn"
  organization = data.awx_organization.example
  scm_type     = "svn"
  scm_url      = "svn://<your_ip>/<repository_name>"
}

resource "awx_project" "example-manual" {
  name         = "example_manual"
  organization = data.awx_organization.example
  scm_type     = "manual"
  local_path   = "playbook_directory"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Project name.
- `organization` (Number) Organization ID for the project to live in.
- `scm_type` (String) Type of SCM resource. Options: `manual`, `git`, `svn` `insights`, `archive`.

### Optional

- `allow_override` (Boolean) Allow changing the Source Control branch or revision in a job template that uses this project.
- `credential` (Number) Source Control credential ID.
- `default_environment` (Number) The ID of the execution environment that will be used for jobs that use this project.
- `description` (String) Project description.
- `local_path` (String) The server playbook directory for manual projects.
- `scm_branch` (String) The branch name in source control.
- `scm_clean` (Boolean) Remove any local modifications prior to performing an update.
- `scm_delete_on_update` (Boolean) Delete the local repository in its entirety prior to performing an update. Depending on the size of the repository this may significantly increase the amount of time required to complete an update.
- `scm_refspec` (String) The refspec to use for the SCM resource.
- `scm_track_submodules` (Boolean) Track submodules latest commit on specified branch.
- `scm_update_on_launch` (Boolean) Perform an update to the local repository before launching a job with this project.
- `scm_url` (String) Example URLs for Remote Archive Source Control include: `https://github.com/username/project/archive/v0.0.1.tar.gz` `https://github.com/username/project/archive/v0.0.2.zip`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Project ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import awx_project.example 1
```
