---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_workflow_job_template Resource - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A workflow job template resource.
---

# awx_workflow_job_template (Resource)

A workflow job template resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awx_workflow_job_templates" "example" {
  allow_simultaneous       = false
  ask_inventory_on_launch  = false
  ask_labels_on_launch     = false
  ask_limit_on_launch      = false
  ask_scm_branch_on_launch = false
  ask_skip_tags_on_launch  = false
  ask_tags_on_launch       = false
  ask_variables_on_launch  = false
  description              = null
  extra_vars               = "---"
  inventory                = 1
  job_tags                 = null
  limit                    = null
  name                     = "example"
  organization             = 1
  scm_branch               = "main"
  skip_tags                = null
  survey_enabled           = false
  webhook_credential       = null
  webhook_service          = null
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `organization` (Number)

### Optional

- `allow_simultaneous` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `ask_inventory_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt on launch for Inventory. Defaults to `false`.
- `ask_labels_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt on launch for Labels. Defaults to `false`.
- `ask_limit_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt on launch for Limit. Defaults to `false`.
- `ask_scm_branch_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt on launch for Source Control Branch. Defaults to `false`.
- `ask_skip_tags_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt on launch for Skip Tags. Defaults to `false`.
- `ask_tags_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt on launch for Ask Tags. Defaults to `false`.
- `ask_variables_on_launch` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `description` (String) defaults to `""`
- `extra_vars` (String) Defaults to `"---"`
- `inventory` (Number) Inventory ID of the inventory containing the hosts you want this job to manage.
- `job_tags` (String) Skip tags are useful when you have a large playbook, and you want to skip specific parts of a play or task. Use commas to separate multiple tags.
- `limit` (String) Provide a host pattern to further constrain the list of hosts that will be managed or affected by the playbook. Multiple patterns are allowed.
- `scm_branch` (String) Select a branch for the workflow. This branch is applied to all job template nodes that prompt for a branch.
- `skip_tags` (String) Tags are useful when you have a large playbook, and you want to run a specific part of a play or task. Use commas to separate multiple tags.
- `survey_enabled` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `webhook_credential` (String)
- `webhook_service` (String) Defaults to `""`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import awx_workflow_job_template.example 100
```
