---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aap_workflow_job_template_job_node Resource - aap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A node has its own ID, but must be associated to a workflow job template ID. And, the node must specify which actual job template this node will run, which is set using the attribute unified_job_template.
---

# aap_workflow_job_template_job_node (Resource)

A node has its own ID, but must be associated to a workflow job template ID. And, the node must specify which actual job template this node will run, which is set using the attribute unified_job_template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aap_workflow_job_template_job_node" "example_node" {
  diff_mode = false
  extra_data = jsonencode({
    current_version = "101"
    update_zipfile  = "example.zip"
    variable1       = 1
  })
  inventory                = 100
  unified_job_template     = 1001
  workflow_job_template_id = 1002
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `unified_job_template` (Number) This is the ID of the actual job template that should be executed as this node.
- `workflow_job_template_id` (Number) This is the ID of the workflow job template to which this node is embedded.

### Optional

- `all_parents_must_converge` (Boolean) If enabled then the node will only run if all of the parent nodes have met the criteria to reach this node. Defaults to `false`.
- `diff_mode` (Boolean) Run diff mode, applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for diff mode.
- `extra_data` (String) Variables to apply at launch time. JSON Key/value pairs, wrap in `jsonencode()`.  Will only be accepted if job template prompts for vars or has a survey asking for those vars.
- `identifier` (String) The unique identifier for this node, set automatically by API when creating a new one.
- `inventory` (Number) ID of the Inventory applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for inventory.
- `job_tags` (String) Job tags applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for job tags.
- `job_type` (String) Job type applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for job type.
- `limit` (String) Limit to act on, applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for limit.
- `scm_branch` (String) SCM branch applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for SCM branch.
- `skip_tags` (String) Tags to skip, applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for job tags.
- `verbosity` (Number) Verbosity applied as a prompt, if job template prompts for verbosity. Control the level of output ansible will produce as the playbook executes. `0 - Normal`, `1 - Verbose`, `2 - More Verbose`, `3 - Debug`, `4 - r.client.auth Debug`, `5 - WinRM Debug`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this node

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aap_workflow_job_template_job_node.example_node 201
```
