---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_workflow_job_template_node Resource - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A node has its own ID, but must be associated to a workflow job template ID. And, the node must specify which actual job template this node will run, which is set using the attribute unified_job_template.
---

# awx_workflow_job_template_node (Resource)

A node has its own ID, but must be associated to a workflow job template ID. And, the node must specify which actual job template this node will run, which is set using the attribute unified_job_template.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `unified_job_template` (Number) This is the ID of the actual job template that should be executed as this node.
- `workflow_job_template_id` (Number) This is the ID of the workflow job template to which this node is embedded.

### Optional

- `all_parents_must_converge` (Boolean) Defaults to false.
- `diff_mode` (Boolean)
- `extra_data` (String) JSON Key/value pairs, wrap in jsonencode().
- `inventory` (Number) This attribute is set to optional. However, creating new nodes may not work without providing this value. This provider was set up marking this optional so that you can import existing nodes from your AWX tower environment that were created without specficying inventory. Somethign that doesn't appear allowed on more current versions of AWX.
- `job_tags` (String)
- `job_type` (String)
- `limit` (String)
- `scm_branch` (String)
- `skip_tags` (String)
- `verbosity` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this node
- `identifier` (String) The unique identifier for this node, set automatically by API when creating a new one.
